[snoring]
[howling]
You don't have to
talk to me like that
just because
we were a little late!
The whole reason that
we're late is
because you lost the map!
Seriously!
Well, maybe we should've
simply let
Sarada lead the way.
Come on!
I said I was sorry!
Stop ganging up
on me, guys!
[annoyed grunting]
[giggling]
Hey! Class Rep!
Huh?
I'm not the class rep
anymore, though.
Oh! Right!
So, you heading over
to Ms. Suika's?
Yeah.
We just got back
after finishing a mission.
But thanks to
a certain someone,
it took a lot longer
than it had to.
I said I was sorry!
Yeah, kinda.
[giggling]
You get along so well!
What?! How?!
Like that! See?
Hmph!
Mm!
Our mission is to
capture animals?!
That's right!
Or actually,
to recapture the animals
that escaped from Fire Park.
That's the request
we received.
To locate all of the animals
and capture them.
I think that'd be
a perfect mission
for our team!
Yeah? You think so?
I do! I love animals!
It sounds like
a whole lot of fun!
Doesn't it, Wasabi?
Yeah, it does!
Wow!
It's been so long
since I've gotten
a positive reaction
after assigning a mission.
Usually it's...
What?!
Don't you have anything
more exciting
to give us?!
[sighing]
Man, what a drag.
But now, thanks to
the three of you girls,
I've been reminded of just how
worthwhile my job actually is!
[giggling]
Well, anyway,
here are the details
of the mission.
Hmm...
So, someone stole the keys
and opened the cages in
the animal enclosure.
That's what
the report says...
And do we know why?
The reason behind it
is still a mystery.
Oh. I understand...
All of the animals that
escaped were
born and raised right
there in the park.
So it's going to be
difficult for them
to adjust to life in the wild.
Ah!
Well, then we have to
find them as soon as possible!
Yes, please do!
Uh...
So, this is the list of
all the escaped
animals, huh...?
Well, at first glance,
I don't see any
dangerous animals here.
So you can handle
this yourselves!
Huh?!
Handle it ourselves?!
But, Hanabi Sensei...
I want the three of you
to complete this mission
all by yourselves.
I think you're ready
to tackle something
like this on your own.
Huh?!
It'll all be just fine!
I'm sure you guys can do it!
[hesitating]
Right!
Listen...
Of course,
skill and technique
are very important on
a mission,
but the most important
thing of all
is your trust in each other.
Yes! Understood!
[sighing]
Oh! Hey, Sai!
How are things with
Team 15?
Or, rather,
with Sumire Kakei?
Good!
She's used to
going on missions.
She's doing great!
‐ Wasabi Izuno.
‐ Yes, sir!
‐ Sumire Kakei.
‐ Namida Suzumeno.
‐ Yes, sir!
The three of you will
comprise Team 15!
[crying]
We are in big trouble
if you're gonna cry
that hard every time
something happens to us.
[crying]
I'm Hanabi Hyuga,
captain of Team 15.
I'm excited to work
with you. Welcome aboard!
Thanks!
Even back then,
you still had faith
in Sumire,
so you made sure to bring
her back into the Academy.
And I have to say,
I think that it was
really good for her.
Yes.
Although,
the Gozu Tennou
hasn't been completely
extinguished yet.
So we still have
to be careful.
Yes.
Also... What about
the other two?
Do they know that Nue
is the same one
from the incident?
No...I don't think that
she's told them yet.
Do you think maybe
I should go ahead
and talk to the two
of them about it?
I believe that soon
they'll realize
the true importance of
working together
as a team on missions.
Maybe for a little
while longer,
you should just stand by
and watch over them.
Yeah, you're right.
Heh.
I think
you'll do fine.
Huh?
Keep up the good work,
looking after Team 15.
[city chattering]
We're supposed to trust
in each other, huh?
But how can we when
I haven't
told them everything?
I guess I gotta
be honest with them.
But then...
No way! I have to focus
on the mission right now!
And do whatever I can
to help out my team!
Yeah, that's right!
[birds chirping]
Well, so far...
We haven't been able to locate
any of the escaped animals.
But I'm sure
that they must be hiding
around here somewhere!
Yeah! Actually...
I've been to Fire Park
a bunch of times before.
There were always so many
cute animals to see in there!
It's no wonder you know
so much about it!
But who would do this
to the animals?
I mean, releasing them
into the wild like this
is just such
an awful prank to pull!
Like Hanabi Sensei told us,
we have to find all of
the animals quickly,
the poor things!
So, um...
Huh? What are those, Sumire?
Well, these suits are supposed
to mask the scent
that humans
give off, so, uh...
If we wear these things,
then it's gonna be harder
for the animals to sense us?
Is that it?
But, uh...
Isn't transformation faster?
Oh, yeah!
I guess
you're right, huh?!
Mmm...
They are pretty
cute, though.
Ahhh!
I guess that doing this wasn't
such a good idea, after all,
huh?! I messed up.
Don't tell me you made
these suits all by yourself!
Yeah...
But I didn't have
a whole lotta time,
so they didn't turn out
all that well.
Hmmm...
Hmm!
I think these'll work great!
They will!
Really?
Okay! Now let's go catch
those animals!
[animals squeaking]
It says six Taiko Tanuki...
One, two, three,
four, five, six.
Yup! Got 'em!
We've sure caught
a lot already!
Yeah, we're getting
this done really fast!
I think it's thanks
to these.
Yeah, I guess so.
I'm so glad you like them.
Shh!
Let's see...
Found it!
It's this one!
The Pseudo Hare.
Oh! There it is!
The female of
the species usually‐
[squeaking]
[squawking]
[grunting]
I'll get the male one,
and you go and
catch the female one.
No, no! Hey, wait!
That's not how‐‐!
All right!
[squeaking]
[yelling]
Wasabi! No!
[grunting]
[screeching]
Hey, are you okay?
Ow, ow, ow, ow...
Female Pseudo Hares
are known
to instinctively protect
the males.
You have to catch
the female first.
Why didn't you tell me
that sooner?!
Oh...
Well, I meant to,
but then, uh‐‐
Something caught me
off guard, and...
Besides, you weren't even
listening at all, Wasabi!
You just jumped in there!
[grunting]
So‐
Hey, guys, why don't
we take a little break, okay?
I, uh...I made some lunch
for us to eat!
[peeps]
I...might've...
made a bit too much,
So please, have as much
as you want.
Thanks! I'd love some!
How 'bout a little lunch,
Wasabi?
[grunting]
Mmm.
Umm...
Hey! All that's left
is the Miniature Monkey.
Oh.
That one seems to
be pretty intelligent,
so it might be
more difficult.
We're really gonna have
to work together!
What?!
Arrrrgh.
Huh?
My omelet was right there,
but now it's gone!
I was really looking forward
to eating it.
Namida, you ate it,
didn't you?
No way! I'd never do
something like that!
Then why's it
missing now, huh?!
How would I know?!
[growling]
Ah!
Hey...
Please, you guys, just
hold on for a second, okay?!
Huh?
[gasping]
That's the one!
Huh?
[hooting]
Quick! Get it!
Right!
[animals squealing]
[birds squawking]
I wonder where
that monkey went...
It sure is fast!
Leave it to me, okay?
Ninja Art! Cat Cloak!
Hm.
[sniffing]
The scent of
the Miniature Monkey.
This way!
Wait, hold on!
[panting]
Where is it?
Oh!
[running]
I found you!
[monkey grunting]
[panting]
I can't...
[slowing down]
I've reached my limit.
[grunting]
Are you okay,
Wasabi?!
Did you find it?
Ow, man,
that super hurt...
I was just about to
grab the little guy, too!
What I need now is a cat
that runs a little bit faster.
All right!
Listen, shouldn't
all of us
just figure out a strategy
together instead?
No, this'll be fine.
Just be quiet, Namida!
But I‐‐
Come on!
Look, just shut up!
[whimpering]
Oh, great...
It's so annoying when
you start bawling like that.
[whimpering]
Wait, just hold on, you guys!
Please don't fight!
We're not fighting.
This is just Namida,
having another one of
her little crying fits again.
Wasabi, you've been
so mean to me since
what happened back there.
I don't even
care anymore!
Namida, wait!
Hmph.
Who knew there were some
animals missing from the list!
I hope Sumire and the others
are doing okay out here...
[crying]
[branch snapping]
[monkey hooting]
[gasping]
It's the Miniature Monkey!
[monkey eating]
I've gotta tell
Sumire and Wasabi.
Oh, great...
It's so annoying when
you start bawling like that.
[shaking head]
(thinking) Never mind!
Forget Wasabi!
[monkey eating]
[monkey screeching]
Yes! All right, I did it!
I've got you now!
[growling]
[gasping]
What...?!
A Giant‐Maned Wolf?
[growling]
[panicking]
Um...
Hey, so, uh, Wasabi...
Yeah, what is it?
[lightly grunting]
You're thinking that
we shouldn't be
fighting over
trivial things.
Is that right?
Yeah...kinda.
Well, it's not trivial!
Because Namida is
always choking up
at the most
important times!
But, Wasabi...
The three of us have to...
[screaming]
[gasping]
That's Namida!
Let's go!
[groaning]
You're not coming?
[grunting]
I'm gonna go, then, okay?
[groaning]
[panicking]
[roaring]
Sumire!
Are you okay?
Yeah... But this is bad!
(thinking)
I have to do something, quick!
[nervous breathing]
Summoning!
Nue!
Absorb his chakra!
[gasping]
Nue!
[growling]
Hm.
Ah!
Nue!
No! Nue!
[growling]
I'll help, too!
No! It missed him!
You've really gotta
stop hesitating!
Wasabi?!
You're here!!
All right, here's the plan.
I'm gonna lure it in
and mark it,
and then you bring it
down with your jutsu!
Yeah, okay.
Now, I'm not gonna be able
to hold him off for too long.
So do it quickly, okay?
Yeah! You got it!
[smiling]
Nue! Hang in there
a bit longer!
Nue!
Huh?
Isn't Nue the one‐?
Ninja Art! Cat Cloak!
Here I go!
[growling]
[grunting]
Ha! Meow.
Meow.
Meow!
Do it now!
Cry just as hard as
you can, Namida!
Yeah, okay!
All right, here goes!
Calling Upon Tears Jutsu!
[screaming]
[growling]
[panting]
[lightly growling]
We did it!
Hmm.
[giggling]
[sighing]
Listen, Namida,
I'm sorry about before.
I guess I just...
Mm‐mm.
I'm the one who
should be saying I'm sorry.
Yeah, I should, too.
Hmm?
I owe you guys...
a big apology...
Huh?
You saw earlier, right?
Uhh...
You saw Nue.
Uh!
I summoned Nue so that
he could come
and help us out...
...just now.
Nu...e...
[roaring]
Back then,
I was the one who made Nue
attack the Leaf Village.
We knew.
[gasping]
We figured that in time
you'd tell us when
you were ready to.
And we've just been waiting
for that day to come.
You guys, I...
[sobbing]
[whimpering]
Oh, come on!
Why are you
crying now too, Namida?
Well, because,
Wasabi, you know.
Good job, you guys!
[gasping]
It looks like the mission
has been accomplished!
Hanabi Sensei!
When did you get here?
Oh, just a little while ago.
It seems that somehow
the Giant‐Maned Wolf
got left off of the list.
I got worried and
came to check on you.
I guess I was worried
for nothing!
Wait, what?!
What do you mean
by that?!
That wasn't very nice,
Sensei.
I'll say!
That wolf was
really scary, you know.
And it was
super dangerous, too.
If it came down to it,
of course,
I would've jumped in
to help you guys out.
But there wasn't any need
to do that, was there?
Your teamwork was
absolutely awesome to see.
You guys are really
getting in sync.
[giggling]
Yeah!
All right!
Team 15,
your animal‐capturing mission
is now complete.
Now, then...
I know it's sad,
but you're gonna have to
return to the park now,
little guy.
[giggling]
He's so cute.
(thinking) Looks like
Sumire's gonna be just fine...
Sai.
[giggling]
[chatting and laughing]
[satisfied sighing]
It almost feels like
I've come back to life!
But we afford to
can't relax yet.
The Chunin Exams
are coming up!
[grunting]
Aw, what am I gonna do?!
Oh well,
it'll work out somehow.
Really? You think so?
But I've heard that becoming
a chunin is seriously hard!
Hey!
Congrats, you guys!
I heard you brought down
a Giant‐Maned Wolf!
Huh?
Mm!
That must've been tough.
It was a piece of cake!
Oh, yeah?
I bet Big Sister
Hanabi was
the one
who handled it, right?
No way! You're wrong!
Don't forget.
On our team, we have
Sumire's Summoning
and Wasabi's Cat Cloak
Jutsu at our disposal, too!
Yeah! And besides
all of that,
Namida has her wailing!
So a Giant‐Maned Wolf's
got absolutely nothing on us!
Oh. Really?
I guess there's nothing
more fearsome
than a woman's tears.
Right?
All right.
Well, hang in there,
you guys!
Yeah, okay!
You guys, too!
What's up?!
My dumplings are gone!
Hey, mine are, too!
Yeah, and so are mine!
What is going on here?!
[monkey hoot]
[sighing]
[eating]
Not again!
The Chunin Exams,
where a genin's future
is on the line.
We need to make sure
they meet the qualifications
so that they'll be a good fit.
Well, this year's rookies
are the most problematic ones
we've had in several years
Whenever there's an incident,
Boruto Uzumaki is always
at the center of it.
Th‐That's...!
Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations:
"The Chunin Exams:
the Recommendation Meeting"
As expected,
my team is...